I shouldn’t have come. The second I stepped onto the train, I felt it—this terrible, buzzing energy in my chest, like I was about to be thrown off balance at any moment. I kept telling myself it would be okay, that it’s just Thanksgiving, that they love me. But do they? Or do they just tolerate me? The train ride felt endless. One moment, I was fine—excited even—thinking about seeing my mom, feeling like maybe this year would be different. The next, I was spiraling. What if they don’t really want me there? What if I say something stupid and ruin everything? What if I get so angry I can’t control it? What if I completely break down and they all see how weak I am? When I got off the train, my mom was waiting for me. I searched her face for some sign that she was happy to see me. First, I thought she was, but then my stomach dropped. Was that a flicker of hesitation? Was she just putting on a show? I wanted to ask her. I wanted to shake her and make her tell me the truth. But instead, I smiled too much and tried to act normal. The house felt smaller than I remembered, suffocating. I went straight to my old room, shut the door, and stared at the walls. My chest ached. I wanted to be here, but I also wanted to disappear. I wanted them to come check on me, to ask if I was okay, to prove they cared. But when nobody did, the rage flared up so fast I nearly screamed. At dinner, I laughed too loudly and talked too much, but then suddenly, I hated myself for it. Why am I like this? I could see my brother looking at me strangely. My uncle made a comment about my job, and for a second, I felt fine. Then, suddenly, I was drowning. What if they’re all just pretending to like me? What if they’re mocking me in their heads? I pushed my plate away, my appetite gone, and waited for someone to notice. When no one did, I excused myself, feeling like I could explode. I locked myself in the bathroom and stared at my reflection. My face looked wrong, distorted. I dug my nails into my palms just to feel something. I thought about leaving—just slipping out the door. Would they even care? Or would they be relieved? By the time I went back, my mom asked if I was okay. I wanted to tell her everything, to beg her to reassure me, but I just said, “I’m fine.” She looked unconvinced. I hated her for not pushing, and I hated myself for wanting her to. I don’t know why I came. I don’t know why I do this to myself. Maybe next year will be different. Maybe next year they’ll finally understand me.


